What does Qiaoni rely on to be happy?
Qiao Ni, I know the person you like is me,
Only I am no longer here, there was no Zuo Ai before.
This wonderful sound is flowing far and wide.
It's a bit clever. We have been strong since the beginning.
Did you and I hear it?
Who bought justice for whom?
Yunqi, is this what you said?
How could it be possible that Mom said it to me? This is all her fault.
The wonderful sounds here were also synthesized by her. That's right,
aunt. Yunqi, how could she like Qiaoni?
She must be seeking the Shan family's property.
What a bad person to complain first.
Are you feeling guilty?
Yun Qi is your biological son
Don’t you even believe what your own son says?
What is your relationship with Yun Qi?
Aunt Su protects Yun Qi so much
And you and Yun Qi look really funny
Just like a model
I thought you were Sheng Yunqi’s biological mother